# MachineLearningPlayground-privacy
The Privacy Policy for the Machine Learning Playground iOS app.

Effective date: November 18, 2022

Sandpiper Tech Solutions (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Machine Learning Playground mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”).

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

Definitions
Service: Service is the Machine Learning Playground mobile application operated by Sandpiper Tech Solutions
Personal Data: Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data: Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

Cookies: Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

Information Collection and Use
The Service does not collect, maintain or transfer any Personal Data.

Types of Data Collected
Personal Data: None

Sandpiper Tech Solutions will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Sandpiper Tech Solutions may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Sandpiper Tech Solutions
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
As a European citizen, under GDPR, you have certain individual rights. You can learn more about these guides in the GDPR Guide.

Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Links to Other Sites
None

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at sandpipertechsolutions@gmail.com
